---
layout: post
title:  "Every Day"
date:   2015-01-27 11:00
image:  /assets/article_images/2015-01-27/golden-gate.jpg
---

What do you do every day? Do you write, or make music, or practice a thing you're good at? Do you look for new things, do you approach tasks with focus, do you feel inspired by your work?

Or do you feel apathetic or tired, or "busy" all the time?

Busy-ness is the worst sin you can commit because it prevents you from doing the things you love. Students are "busy", professionals are "busy", and we'll all be "busy" until we die. But it's the things you fit in between the busy-ness that counts. The things you do daily, because otherwise they'll never happen.

I like this short post by [Seth Godin](http://sethgodin.typepad.com/seths_blog/2014/12/daily.html):

> There's a fundamental difference between the things you do every day, every single day, and the things you do only when the spirit moves you.  
><br>
> One difference is that once you've committed to doing something daily, you find that the spirit moves you, daily.  
><br>
> Rather than having a daily debate about today's agenda, you can decide once that you will do something, and then decide every single day how to do it.

Personally, I'm working full-time at a day job while starting a clothing company on the side (making [Japanese denim skinny jeans](http://telegram-co.com/) here in Brooklyn). And yet, I'm trying not to make too many commitments other than the ones I absolutely have to. Saying "yes" to everything means you're over-committed and under-enthused, which never ends well.
